README.md, before:

# @es-joy/jsoe

JavaScript Object Editor.

Editing of arbitrary JavaScript objects.

## Formats

Formats are a collection of allowed types.

- Structured Cloning (using [typeson](https://github.com/dfahlander/typeson)) (e.g., IndexedDB)
- JSON
- IndexedDB keys

## Fundamental types

These are generally atomic types which correlate to JavaScript language structures.

- Array reference (for cyclic arrays)
- Array
- `BigInt`
- `Boolean` object
- `Date`
- `null`
- `Number` object
- number
- Object reference (for cyclic objects)
- Object
- `RegExp`
- `String` object
- string
- `undefined`

## Subtypes

These map to a subset of JavaScript language structures. Note that false and true were common and limited enough in number to justify their own subtype for the sake of having a quick pull-down entry.

- Blob (text/html)
- `false`
- `true`

## Supertypes

These are collections of individual types, justified by the subitems not being so frequent as to necessitate their own
separate enumeration.

- Infinities (`Infinity`, `-Infinity`) - Used with IndexedDB keys
- Special Number (`Infinity`, `-Infinity`, `NaN`) - Used with Structured Cloning values

## To-dos

1. Create demo
1. Add tests of demo (lower priority as have tests in `idb-manager`)
1. Support Schemas based on a JSON serialization of Zod
1. Expand fundamental types
    1. Not in typeson-registry
        1. Structured Cloning
            1. arraybufferview
    1. Already in typeson-registry
        1. Structured Cloning
            1. map, set,
            1. blob, file, filelist
            1. arraybuffer
            1. dataview, imagedata, imagebitmap
            1. error, errors
            1. Typed Arrays
                1. int8array
                1. uint8array
                1. uint8clampedarray
                1. int16array
                1. uint16array
                1. int32array
                1. uint32array
                1. float32array
                1. float64array
            1. Intl (imperfect)
                1. IntlCollator
                1. IntlDateTimeFormat
                1. IntlNumberFormat
1. Expand subtypes
    1. As supported by Zod, JSON Schema, etc. (e.g., email addresses as
        subtype of `string`)

Commit message:

fix: `node_modules` paths
Also:
- docs: Mention demo

README.md, after:

# @es-joy/jsoe

JavaScript Object Editor.

Editing of arbitrary JavaScript objects.

See a [demo](https://brettz9.github.io/idb-manager/index-pages.html) of an
app using this tool.

## Formats

Formats are a collection of allowed types.

- Structured Cloning (using [typeson](https://github.com/dfahlander/typeson)) (e.g., IndexedDB)
- JSON
- IndexedDB keys

## Fundamental types

These are generally atomic types which correlate to JavaScript language structures.

- Array reference (for cyclic arrays)
- Array
- `BigInt`
- `Boolean` object
- `Date`
- `null`
- `Number` object
- number
- Object reference (for cyclic objects)
- Object
- `RegExp`
- `String` object
- string
- `undefined`

## Subtypes

These map to a subset of JavaScript language structures. Note that false and true were common and limited enough in number to justify their own subtype for the sake of having a quick pull-down entry.

- Blob (text/html)
- `false`
- `true`

## Supertypes

These are collections of individual types, justified by the subitems not being so frequent as to necessitate their own
separate enumeration.

- Infinities (`Infinity`, `-Infinity`) - Used with IndexedDB keys
- Special Number (`Infinity`, `-Infinity`, `NaN`) - Used with Structured Cloning values

## To-dos

1. Create demo
1. Add tests of demo (lower priority as have tests in `idb-manager`)
1. Support Schemas based on a JSON serialization of Zod
1. Expand fundamental types
    1. Not in typeson-registry
        1. Structured Cloning
            1. arraybufferview
    1. Already in typeson-registry
        1. Structured Cloning
            1. map, set,
            1. blob, file, filelist
            1. arraybuffer
            1. dataview, imagedata, imagebitmap
            1. error, errors
            1. Typed Arrays
                1. int8array
                1. uint8array
                1. uint8clampedarray
                1. int16array
                1. uint16array
                1. int32array
                1. uint32array
                1. float32array
                1. float64array
            1. Intl (imperfect)
                1. IntlCollator
                1. IntlDateTimeFormat
                1. IntlNumberFormat
1. Expand subtypes
    1. As supported by Zod, JSON Schema, etc. (e.g., email addresses as
        subtype of `string`)
